	I have a passion! A simple, though sometimes complex passion! My passion is programming. C, C++, C#, Python, HTML, XML, I don't care! I dream in code. Programming is often tedious work-- typing.. Typing more, fixing bugs, lather, rinse, and repeat. This process may eventually get boring for most, but I love it. 
	In order to become a programmer, I must first do many things today. One major thing I must do is program whenever I can. For example, I have developed a “sticky notes” application and a calendar application that sit on my desktop for quick use. Although these programs may not be as advanced as some other applications, I made them because it helps me reach my ultimate goal-- a developer of “Free Software.” (free software is software that respects your freedom, not free as in gratis software) Also, I can look up to other programmers and follow their advice. Such programmers include Linus Torvalds: the creator of the Linux Operating System, Richard Stallman: the creator of the GNU Operating System, and Denis Ritchie: the creator of the C programming language. I use their contributions every day, and I feel that they are leaders that I should look up to.
	In order to become a programmer, I'll need help. This help can come from those I look up to (Torvalds, Stallman, etc.) other programmers, and teachers who know how to program. Those I look up to will provide motivation for me to continue my study. Many other programmers may give me well-needed advice. Finally, teachers are the people who teach us, and they enjoy helping people. Teachers can, well, teach me, or give me advice. 
	I must also have some skills in order to become a programmer. A big example is the ability to learn and comprehend things quickly. In the style which I learn, I fail to learn something unless I know what are the factors leading to it, and why.I'll also need the ability to type quickly. If I can only type 15 words per minute, how can I expect to write lines of code and get anything done? Finally, I'll need the ability to do math. Computer well, compute things. As a programmer, it is my job to make the computer compute certain things, in order to cause events. 
	These days, I'll need to program every day. I'll have to program, anywhere from “Hello world” in a terminal to complex software. If I don't try to program, how  am I supposed to retain the skill?  In the coming years, I plan to take classes in high-school on programming. This may be anything from learning about hardware, to Cisco Networking. In the coming months, I plan to learn a few new programming languages, like lisp. The more languages I know, the better I'll be in the future. As you can see, there are a vichyssoise of things I can do today to prepare myself. 
	In High-School, I'm going to have to take many classes on computers. These classes may be a challenge or easy, however, I must do them in order to do well in my career. I'm going to hold myself accountable by doing any and all assignments I am given.  If I don't do my assignments, how do I expect to learn how to program. I know I will do these things because I make myself do them now. I give myself “assignments” involving programming. For example, when I was learning python, I wrote a program that printed the first 1,000 numbers in the Fibonacci Sequence. At that time, it was a challenge-- a challenge that I learned from. 
	You now understand my passion. Though my passion may be eccentric to some, maybe most, it is what I love, and in the words of David Henry Thoreau, “Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.” I feel that these words explain what a passion is, and that we should follow our passion to the end of the Earth. You also understand my goals, and how I will get there. 
